------------------------------- INTRODUCTION ------------------------------
In this tutorial you will build, package, and run your to-do web application with Flask, Nginx, and MongoDB inside of Docker containers. 
You will define the entire stack configuration in a docker-compose.yml file, along with configuration files for Python, MongoDB, and Nginx. 
Flask requires a web server to serve HTTP requests, so you will also use Gunicorn, which is a Python WSGI HTTP Server, to serve the application. 
Nginx acts as a reverse proxy server that forwards requests to Gunicorn for processing.
The docker-compose.yml file lets you define your application infrastructure as individual services. The services can be connected to each other 
and each can have a volume attached to it for persistent storage. 
Volumes are stored in a part of the host filesystem managed by Docker (/var/lib/docker/volumes/ on Linux).
Volumes are the best way to persist data in Docker, as the data in the volumes can be exported or shared with other applications. 

---------------------------- DOCKER COMPOSE YML ---------------------------
The docker-compose.yml file starts with a version number that identifies the Docker Compose file version.

###### Flask service
You will now define flask as the first service in your "docker-compose.yml".

The "build" property defines the context of the build. In this case, the app folder that will contain the Dockerfile.
The "container_name" property defines a name for each container.
The "image" property specifies the image name and what the Docker image will be tagged as. 
The "restart" property defines how the container should be restarted—in your case it is <unless-stopped>. This means your containers will only be stopped when the Docker Engine is stopped/restarted or when you explicitly stop the containers. The benefit of using the unless-stopped property is that the containers will start automatically once the Docker Engine is restarted or any error occurs.
The "environment" property contains the environment variables that are passed to the container. You need to provide a secure password for the environment variable <MONGODB_PASSWORD>.
The "volumes" property defines the volumes the service is using. In your case the volume <appdata> is mounted inside the container at the "/var/www" directory. 
The "depends_on" property defines a service that Flask depends on to function properly. In this case, the flask service will depend on >mongodb> since the mongodb service acts as the database for your application. "depends_on" ensures that the flask service only runs if the mongodb service is running.
The "networks" property specifies frontend and backend as the networks the flask service will have access to.
